upcoming releases:

1 done
tutorial level + logic to customize levels
initial screen - selection of levels

2 done
game logic - flying item
game logic - killing item

3 done
gamecenter - initial setup + leaderboards
menu - no texts, only images

4 done
in game menu - pause game
game logic - show item for a while before dropping
game logic - allow touches only on earth body

5 done
gameplay - experiment more with game physics
gameplay - animate rat (visualize different speed with different animations), initial version

6 done
tutorial - pause game when new item drops, show animation in balloon
background - fill screen with items at the beginning
background - scale floating items for bigger resolutions (iPad)

7 done
in-app purchase to remove ads

8 done
gamecenter - challenge friend, draw shadow player
gamecenter - get friends from leaderboard and show shadow player with their score
gameplay - improve randomizing of power ups

9
gameplay - animate rat, plug multiple animations
post game menu - sharing facebook
post game menu - sharing twitter
initial screen - add facebook 'like us', unlock new item (temporal anti-skull shield)
tutorial - get time of animation from animation itself
tutorial - start with +1 speed (so if vial is not caught, hamburger will still be thrown)

unordered:

juice app a little, nicer transitions between screens, more animations
- name of challenging player should be slightly bigger at the beginning
- transitions between scenes
gamecenter - achievements
- Super Size Me - 100 burgers (fat rat)
- As Fat As Can be - 100 triple burgers (even fatter rat)
- Cardiac - 1000 burgers or triple burgers (extremely fat, almost dead, crossed eyes)
- Junkie - 100 vials (rat with spiral eyes)
- Alchemist - 1000 vial (rat with alchemist hat)
- Frequent Flyer - 100 geese (airplane with rat)
- Angel - 1000 geese (rat with angel wings)
- Time Waster - 15sec in credits (clock)
- Diligent Student - tutorial completed (tutorial icon)
- Retard - 5x enter tutorial (rat with crossed eyes)
- Jack The Reaper - 100 skulls (chopper, knife)
- Devil - 1000 skull (rat with devil horn)
- Jackpot - three items of the same kind caught one after another (jackpot machine)
- Kleptomaniac - all kind of items caught (four items aligned in square)
- Cheeseionaire - points frenzy x 100 (cheese symbol)
- Suicide - 10x game over (dead rat, vertical position)
- Road Runner - speed up to max speed (one frame from rat06.x)
- Get A Life - after sharing via twitter or facebook (rat sitting next to computer)
- Pro Runner - reach fall out point with the highest speed and recover (rat with GoPro camera)
- We Don't Know How To Name This Achievement - pause/resume game 5x withing 3seconds (question marks)
- I Believe I Can Fly - after first goose is caught
gameplay - more points for higer scores, show positive powerups (vial, hover) further away from rat
gameplay - 1 new items for regular gameplay, triple cheeseburger
iap - unlock new item, points frenzy (particles - cheeses)
initial screen - settings and credits
post game menu - redesign, figure out how to handle visualization of current/high scores (local,
                 leaderboards)  and also replaying of challenges
post game menu(?) - rate us
post game menu - get best score from game center (local if no connectivity), upload local to game
                 center
play music + sounds
bug - crash in EAGLView::swap (sometimes happens when app is minimized)
bug - background items are not distributed nicely after app is minimized (?)
ios - add verification of iap
settings - show iap icon immediately (initially disabled, enabled after getting product)
gameplay - make sure item is eaten when rat touches it (currently item is eaten only when touches
        rat's belly)
gameplay - new item, thunderstorm, speed up to max speed for a while

-----
facebook story

1. My first draft (28.09)
(hand drafts of rat graphics)

2. Here I come (05.10)
(first in-game graphics)

3. Life sucks, no money, no cheese (12.10)
(sad, sitting rat)

4. Looking for a job (19.10)
(rat sitting in toilet and reading newspaper)

5. Got temporary job for 1.11 (26.10)
(Halloween, rat with pumpkin)

6. Still looking for job (2.11)
(rat browsing internet)

7. Got my dole (9.11)
(rat drinking beer)

8. Got stupid offer from employment agency (16.11)
(pissed off rat reading letter)

9. Thanksgiving day - turkey this year is very slim (hover item) (23.11)

10. Just received vials for a new job - need to start to work out (30.11)

11. Last burger this year - they forced me to go on diet (07.12)

12. Got CDs with music from a new job, more than rock'n'roll I hate Christmast songs (14.12)
(rat with earplugs)

13.  Can't afford Christmas Tree this year (21.12)
(rat acting as a Christmas tree)

14. Can the New Year be even worse? (28.12)
(rat holding fireworks or rat attached to fireworks)

15.  Total hangover - skull (04.01)

16. First day in new job (11.01)
(basic showcase of gameplay, rat running on the earth)

17. I hate Mondays (18.01)
(rat with suitcase going to work)

18.  I'm tired, guys you really need to stop downloading this game (25.01)
(gif with rat06.x)

